PDFBox Version: 1.8.17
Portfolio Performance Version: 0.65.6
-----------------------------------------
 Confirmation
qoV
Morgan Stanley
Global Stock Plan Services
P.O. Box 182616
Columbus OH 43218-2616
United States
*00  DSPEXC0149064026* Corporation Tax ID: 13-0871985
ofFyx lrAzSs
vwsqXFrctqqdofBTyZ 98 Customer Service Phone: 1-800-367-4777
PtIHcP  51130 Customer Service Phone Outside US: 1-801-617-7414
HVGyyiL                                                     
You Bought 0.310 shares at $137.5963 on Trade Date 13-Jun-2023
Transaction Details
Security Name: ABC ABC ABC ABC Gross Proceeds: $50.12
Trading Symbol: ABC Less Transaction Expense: $7.52
Net Proceeds: $42.60
Dividend Reinvestment
Dividend Earned: $50.12
Settlement Date: 15-Jun-2023
 Transaction Expense Calculation
IRS Nonresident Alien Withholding: $7.52
Transaction Expense: $7.52
 Account Balance Details
Current Share Balance: 30.191
Shares Available for Sale: 30.191
  
  Additional Information — Please retain this confirmation for your tax records
CUSIP: 926151023 Order Reference #: 94509
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney acted as agent. This transaction received an average price, details available upon request
 © 2023 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. Member SIPC.  
CONDITIONS AND DISCLOSURES
CONDITIONS
CODES, ABBREVIATIONS AND EXPLANATIONS IT IS AGREED THAT
All transactions are subject to the constitution, rules, regulations, by-laws,
EXCHANGE WHERE EXECUTED EXECUTION CODE interpretations, customs and usages of, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, the various applicable exchanges, markets or clearing houses and all
1 New York Stock Exchange 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 9, F, L, P, T, V OR W: As agent U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and self-regulatory organizations statutes,
3 NASDAQ OMX PHLX we have bought or sold for your rules and regulations as currently in effect or as they may be hereinafter
4 Chicago Stock Exchange account amended, revised or supplemented, including those of the Securities and
5 NYSE MKT LLC 6: As agent for another we have sold to Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board.
6 Other Markets you or bought from you
7 Over the Counter 7, C, E, G, N, OR S: As principal we sold to Payment for securities purchased and delivery of securities sold must be
8 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. as you or bought from you for our own received by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC no later than the date of
principal which may result in a profit to account settlement (the “Settlement Date”) indicated on the reverse side hereof.
Unit Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. 8 OR U: Prospectus/Official Statement Payments and deliveries not received by Settlement Date may be subject to late
A, B, C, X, Y, OR Z: Primary and Secondary fees, liquidation or close-out of the transaction and you will be liable for all
Unit Trust or listed and OTC when costs, fees, expenses, liabilities, obligations, losses, claims, and damages,
OTHER ABBREVIATIONS issued Securities incurred by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC or asserted against Morgan
K: Precious Metals Stanley Smith Barney LLC by any third party, arising directly or indirectly from
ELTR Estimated Long Term Return M, R: Mutual Funds your failure to make payment or delivery by the Settlement Date.
CR Current Return
PV Par Value Securities held in margin accounts or purchased but not yet paid for in cashaccounts may be hypothecated by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC under
circumstances which will permit the commingling thereof with securities of other
clients.
You must own all securities sold “long,” and such securities must either be (i) on
OSPECTUS/OFFERING DOCUMENTATION AVAILABLE deposit in your account(s) or (ii) delivered to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLCFINAL PR by the Settlement Date.
Indicates that these securities/instrumentsare being sold (i) pursuant to an SEC registration
(ii) Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC will furnish, upon your written request, thestatement or where a prospectus is otherwise required, in the case of certain exempted
(CDs), date and time when the transaction took place, the name of the other party tosecurities or certificates of deposit either where offering documentation is required or the transaction and the source and amount of any other remuneration received
there is an agreement or policy to deliver offering documentation. For assistance obtaining
/offering or to be received by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC in connection with thea copy of the final prospectus documentation relating to these securities, you may transaction.
contact us at 800-584-6837.
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and/or its affiliates may accept benefits that
constitute payment for order flow. Details regarding these benefits will be
CHARGES AND FEES furnished upon written request.
CHARGE Represents the markup/down from the wholesaler's or dealer's Debt securities may be redeemed in whole or in part before maturity, and such a 
price. redemption could affect any yield represented in this trade confirmation.
Additional information is available upon request.
FSCF Represents a pass through of Foreign Securities clearance fees
incurred by  Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. for this Credit rating(s), if any, contained on this trade confirmation were provided by an
transaction. unaffiliated third party. In some instances, the credit rating shown is based on
the issuer’s credit ranking and not the credit rating of the specific security
SUPPLEMENTAL Represents fee to offset additional expenses associated with purchased or sold. For an explanation of credit ratings for bonds, please see
TRANSACTION FEE processing certain transactions. www.morganstanley.com/creditratings, or request a copy from your Financial
PROCESSING FEE Advisor.Represents processing charges for certain executed orders.
CDSC Represents Contingent Deferred Sales Charge. Insurance trades are subject to carrier underwriting approval. 
DSC Represents Deferred Sales Charge. Any inquiries regarding this transaction should be made by using the telephone 
number provided on the reverse side.
This transaction is conclusive and binding if not objected to in writing within
three days of receiving this trade confirmation.
BACKUP WITHHOLDING All Good Till Cancelled (GTC) orders have an expiration date, which is
Under Federal Income Tax Law, the customer is generally required to provide Morgan displayed on the front of this notice. Until expiration, all open orders are
Stanley Smith Barney LLC. with a certification of the customer's Social Security considered good until cancelled by you or executed by us. When entering aor
Taxpayer Identification Number. In the bsence f h substitute order or changing an existing order, the responsibility for cancelinga o suc certification, Morgan Stanley
Smith Barney LLC. y be quired to ithhold taxes from the proceeds f les t the the original order rests upon the customer. Therefore, if a customer fails toma re w o sa a
t withholding rate. cancel an existing order, transactions resulting from the execution of both thecurren original and new order(s) will be entered in the customer’s account.
   Municipal Advisor Rule; Disclosures for Municipal Entities and Obligated
GROSS PROCEEDS Persons: Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of
If the transaction being confirmed is a sale or a redemption, this information may be Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (Municipal Advisor Rule). If you
furnished to the Internal Revenue Service. have a Brokerage Account, please note that: 1) we do not owe you a fiduciary
duty pursuant to the Municipal Advisor Rule when we make statements or
provide you with information regarding your Brokerage Account; 2) we may be
SECURITY MEASURES acting for our own interests; and 3) before acting on any statements made or
information provided by us, you should consult any and all advisors as you
Your Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. trade confirmation features an embedded deem appropriate.
security element to demonstrate its authenticity. It is a unique security mark -- a blue
rectangle in heat-sensitive blue ink. When exposed to warmth, the blue rectangle will This agreement shall inure to the benefit of any successor or assigns of Morgan
disappear, and then reappear. Stanley Smith Barney LLC.
 
#MS921 (10/17)

