PDFBox Version: 3.0.7
Portfolio Performance Version: 0.87.0
System: win32 | x86_64 | 21.0.5+11-LTS | Azul Systems, Inc.
-----------------------------------------
 Release Detail Report
IBM
Morgan Stanley
Global Stock Plan Services
P.O. Box 182616
Columbus OH 43218-2616
United States
Corporation Tax ID: 13-0871985
*00  DSPCRC0000000000* Customer Service Phone: 1-800-367-4777
ZhLZA oNMSqh Customer Service Phone Outside US: 1-801-617-7414
qgjTUNGfDDeuSubjRk 54
NybsVg 97125
lNtGWTT                                                     
Summary for Release
Quantity Released: 19.0000
Quantity Withheld to Pay for Release: 9.0000
Net Quantity: 10.0000
 Transaction Detail
Security Name: INTL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP Withheld Quantity: 9.0000
Trading Symbol: IBM x Withheld Quantity Value Per Share: $293.14
Plan Name: 2001 Withheld Quantity Value: $2,638.22
Award Date: 10-Jul-2025
Award Type: RSU - 528   Tax Information
Award ID: 1234567A **Total Tax Amount Due: $2,638.22
Award Price: $0.0000 For a detailed breakdown of taxes applicable to this
Release Date: 10-Jul-2026 transaction, please visit the Activity tab in StockPlan
*FMV @ Vest: $293.1350 Connect at www.stockplanconnect.com
Quantity Released: 19.0000
Quantity Withheld: 9.0000
Net Quantity: 10.0000
Total Gain (FMV x Quantity Released): $5,569.57
Aggregate Award Price: $0.00
Taxable Compensation: $5,569.57
 Total Release Cost Calculation
Total Aggregate Award Price: $0.00
Total Tax Amount Due: $2,638.22
Total Release Cost: ($2,638.22)
Primary Payment Method: WTC $2,638.22
***Residual Balance: ($0.01)
*Fair Market Value (FMV) is calculated according to the Company's Plan.
**Taxes due have been marked as paid pursuant to company rule. Please contact your company for details on your payment.
***Any residual balance has been credited in accordance with your Company's instructions.
 Additional Information — Please retain this confirmation for your tax records
CUSIP:  459200101
Where applicable, total tax percentage(s) do not adjust for total taxes paid.
© 2026 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. Member SIPC.  
CONDITIONS AND DISCLOSURES
CONDITIONS
CODES, ABBREVIATIONS AND EXPLANATIONS IT IS AGREED THAT
All transactions are subject to the constitution, rules, regulations, by-laws,
EXCHANGE WHERE EXECUTED EXECUTION CODE interpretations, customs and usages of, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, the various applicable exchanges, markets or clearing houses and all
1 New York Stock Exchange 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 9, F, L, P, T, V OR W: As agent U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and self-regulatory organizations statutes,
3 NASDAQ OMX PHLX we have bought or sold for your rules and regulations as currently in effect or as they may be hereinafter
4 Chicago Stock Exchange account amended, revised or supplemented, including those of the Securities and
5 NYSE MKT LLC 6: As agent for another we have sold to Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board.
6 Other Markets you or bought from you
7 Over the Counter 7, C, E, G, N, OR S: As principal we sold to Payment for securities purchased and delivery of securities sold must be
8 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. as you or bought from you for our own received by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC no later than the date of
principal which may result in a profit to account settlement (the “Settlement Date”) indicated on the reverse side hereof.
Unit Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. 8 OR U: Prospectus/Official Statement Payments and deliveries not received by Settlement Date may be subject to late
A, B, C, X, Y, OR Z: Primary and Secondary fees, liquidation or close-out of the transaction and you will be liable for all
Unit Trust or listed and OTC when costs, fees, expenses, liabilities, obligations, losses, claims, and damages,
OTHER ABBREVIATIONS issued Securities incurred by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC or asserted against Morgan
K: Precious Metals Stanley Smith Barney LLC by any third party, arising directly or indirectly from
ELTR Estimated Long Term Return M, R: Mutual Funds your failure to make payment or delivery by the Settlement Date.
CR Current Return Securities held in margin accounts or purchased but not yet paid for in cash
PV Par Value accounts may be hypothecated by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC under
circumstances which will permit the commingling thereof with securities of other
clients.
You must own all securities sold “long,” and such securities must either be (i) on
deposit in your account(s) or (ii) delivered to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
FINAL PROSPECTUS/OFFERING DOCUMENTATION AVAILABLE by the Settlement Date.
Indicates that these securities/instrumentsare being sold (i) pursuant to an SEC registration Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC will furnish, upon your written request, the
statement or where a prospectus is otherwise required, (ii) in the case of certain exempted date and time when the transaction took place, the name of the other party to
securities or certificates of deposit (CDs), either where offering documentation is required or the transaction and the source and amount of any other remuneration received
there is an agreement or policy to deliver offering documentation. For assistance obtaining or to be received by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC in connection with the
a copy of the final prospectus/offering documentation relating to these securities, you may transaction.
contact us at 800-584-6837.
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and/or its affiliates may accept benefits that
constitute payment for order flow. Details regarding these benefits will be
CHARGES AND FEES furnished upon written request.
CHARGE Represents the markup/down from the wholesaler's or dealer's Debt securities may be redeemed in whole or in part before maturity, and such a
price. redemption could affect any yield represented in this trade confirmation.
Additional information is available upon request.
FSCF Represents a pass through of Foreign Securities clearance fees
incurred by  Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. for this Credit rating(s), if any, contained on this trade confirmation were provided by an
transaction. unaffiliated third party. In some instances, the credit rating shown is based on
the issuer’s credit ranking and not the credit rating of the specific security
SUPPLEMENTAL Represents fee to offset additional expenses associated with purchased or sold. For an explanation of credit ratings for bonds, please see
TRANSACTION FEE processing certain transactions. www.morganstanley.com/creditratings, or request a copy from your Financial
Advisor.
PROCESSING FEE Represents processing charges for certain executed orders.
CDSC Insurance trades are subject to carrier underwriting approval.
Represents Contingent Deferred Sales Charge.
DSC Represents Deferred Sales Charge. Any inquiries regarding this transaction should be made by using the telephone
number provided on the reverse side.
This transaction is conclusive and binding if not objected to in writing within
three days of receiving this trade confirmation.
BACKUP WITHHOLDING All Good Till Cancelled (GTC) orders have an expiration date, which is
displayed on the front of this notice. Until expiration, all open orders are
Under Federal Income Tax Law, the customer is generally required to provide Morgan considered good until cancelled by you or executed by us. When entering a
Stanley Smith Barney LLC. with a certification of the customer's Social Security or substitute order or changing an existing order, the responsibility for canceling
Taxpayer Identification Number. In the absence of such certification, Morgan Stanley the original order rests upon the customer. Therefore, if a customer fails to
Smith Barney LLC. may be required to withhold taxes from the proceeds of sales at the cancel an existing order, transactions resulting from the execution of both the
current withholding rate. original and new order(s) will be entered in the customer’s account.
   Municipal Advisor Rule; Disclosures for Municipal Entities and Obligated
GROSS PROCEEDS Persons: Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC is not acting as a municipal
advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of
If the transaction being confirmed is a sale or a redemption, this information may be Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (Municipal Advisor Rule). If you
furnished to the Internal Revenue Service. have a Brokerage Account, please note that: 1) we do not owe you a fiduciary
duty pursuant to the Municipal Advisor Rule when we make statements or
provide you with information regarding your Brokerage Account; 2) we may be
SECURITY MEASURES acting for our own interests; and 3) before acting on any statements made or
information provided by us, you should consult any and all advisors as you
Your Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. trade confirmation features an embedded deem appropriate.
security element to demonstrate its authenticity. It is a unique security mark -- a blue
rectangle in heat-sensitive blue ink. When exposed to warmth, the blue rectangle will This agreement shall inure to the benefit of any successor or assigns of Morgan
disappear, and then reappear. Stanley Smith Barney LLC.
 
#MS921 (10/17)

