PDFBox Version: 1.8.16
-----------------------------------------
Score Priority Corp. ACCOUNT NUMBER: 12345678
One Penn Plaza, 16th FL, Suite 1614
New York, NY 10119 Return Service Requested STATEMENT PERIOD: December 1 - 31, 2020
FINANCIAL ADVISOR: Score Priority Corp.
ACCOUNT STATEMENT FOR QUESTIONS CALL: 855.274.4934
support@scorepriority.com
Please make sure that you carefully review the enclosed letter and Annual
Disclosures at the back of your statement that are also available at
www.visionfinancialmarkets.com.
JOHN DOE
Vision wishes you Happy Holidays and a prosperous and Happy New Year! WALL STREET 22
NEY YORK, 22222
 Asset Allocation
Total Assets Allocation
$71,000.30 PercentageTotal Portfolio Cash & Cash Equivalents $71,000.30 100.00%
Total Portfolio $71,000.30 100.00%
 Account Value Summary
Beginning Value as of December 01 ....................................................... $0.00
Net Additions ........................................................................................ 71,000.30
Change In Investment Value ......................................................................... 0.00
Ending Value as of December 31 .................................................... $71,000.30
 Income Summary
Description Current Year to Date
Credit Interest $0.30 $0.30
Cash & Cash Equivalents 100%
Accounts are introduced by Score Priority Corp. and carried by Vision Financial Markets LLC, a SEC-registered broker/dealer, member FINRA and SIPC.
Page 1 of 5
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 12345678
John Doe STATEMENT PERIOD: December 1 - 31, 2020
 Account Activity Summary
Interest taxable/non-taxable ............................................................................. $0.30
Other Deposits/Withdrawals .................................................................... $71,000.00
 Cash Management Summary
Current Year to Date
Deposits $71,000.00 $71,000.00
Income and Distributions $0.30 $0.30
Net Additions To Cash $71,000.30 $71,000.30
Total Cash / Funds on December $71,000.30 $71,000.30
31
Page 2 of 5
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 12345678
John Doe STATEMENT PERIOD: December 1 - 31, 2020
Cash & Cash Equivalents 100%
Description Quantity Market Market Value Adjusted Cost / Current EstimatedPrice Original Cost Yield Annual Income
Cash
US Dollar 71,000.30 1.00 71,000.30 71,000.30 0.00 0.00
Total Cash & Cash Equivalents $71,000.30 $71,000.30 $0.00
Pending Settlements
Transaction
Type Quantity Description
Settlement
date Price Amount
Buy 76 Ishares Tr 01/04/21 157.350 (11,958.60)
Barclys 20+ Yr
Etf
Account Activity Details
Settlement
Effective Description CUSIP Type of Activity Quantity Market Price Net Settlement
Date Amount
Dec 29 Incoming Wire Abccdd Doe Journal 71,000.00
Dec 31 .05000% 3 Days,Bal=   $71000 Credit Interest 0.30
Page 3 of 5
General Information Tax Information
This account  statement  contains  important information about your brokerage  account carried and cleared If  you  are  subject  to  1099  reporting,  all  applicable  1099  Forms  will  be  provided  at  year  end.   For  1099B
by Vision Financial Markets LLC. Please review this statement carefully.  If you disagree with any transaction, purposes,  proceeds  of  sales,  redemptions  or  exchanges  of  securities  will  be  reported  to  the  Internal
if  there  are  any  errors,  omissions or discrepancies  on this statement,  or if  you do not understand  any of  the Revenue  Service  on a trade  date  basis.   To  avoid  backup  withholding,  we must be in receipt  of  Form  W-9.
information  in  this  statement,  please  contact your  Financial  Advisor  or  your  brokerage  firm,  in  writing Cost data and realized capital gains and losses are provided for informational purposes only.   Please review
immediately,  or  contact  us  orally  and  reconfirm  in  writing.  If  you  do  not  object  to  the  accuracy  of  the for  accuracy.    We  are  not  responsible  for  omitted  or  restated  data.   Please  consult  your  tax  advisor  to
information reported on this statement  within 10 business days,  we will consider it conclusive.  In other words, determine  the  tax  consequences  of  your  securities  transactions.  Vision  Financial  Markets  LLC  is  not  a
by failing  to object within 10 business days  of the date of this statement,  you agree that you have ratified  as registered tax advisor.
accurate  all of the transactions and activities reported in this statement.  If this statement shows that we have
mailed or delivered security certificate(s)  that you have not received,  notify us immediately in writing. We will Portfolio Pricing
arrange  for  a  stop  order  and  replacement  certificate(s).  If  you  do  not  notify  us  promptly,  you  may  be
responsible  for  contacting  the  transfer  agent  directly  for  replacement.  Inquiries  concerning  positions  and Market  Value  of  your  account  is  the value  of  your  settled  positions for  which the quotation  services  were
balances  in  your  account  may  be  directed  to your  Financial  Advisor  or Vision  Financial  Markets,  Attention: able  to  obtain  closing  prices  and/or  the  mean  bid  and  ask  price  on  the  statement  date.   Because  of  the
Chief  Compliance  Officer,  120  Long  Ridge  Road,  3  North,  Stamford,  CT  06902- 1839.  All  other  inquiries  or nature  of  the data provided  by  the quotation  services,  the accuracy  of  such prices  cannot  be guaranteed.
complaints regarding your account or the activity therein should be directed to the address and number listed Those securities for which prices are not available are not included in the market value calculation and are
on the front of this statement. shown  as  unpriced  on  the  statement.   Figures  are  subject  to  change  at  any  time  and  they  should  not  be
relied upon for investment or trading decisions.
All  transactions  are  subject  to  the  rules,  regulations,  requirements  (including  margin  requirements)  and
customs of the Federal  Reserve Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the exchange or market (and Transaction Charges
its  clearing  house,  if  any)  where  executed,  and  any  association  whose  rules  and  regulations  govern
transactions  in  said  market,  and  to  all  the  terms  of  your  customer  account  agreement,  and  all  written Further  information  with  respect  to  commissions  and  other  charges  related  to  the  execution  of  listed
agreements between you and us. options and other transactions has been included in confirmation of such transactions previously furnished
to you and such information will be made available to you promptly upon request.
If this is a margin account, this is a combined statement of your general account and of a special memorandum
account  maintained  for  you  under  Section  220.6  of  Regulation  T  issued  by  the  Board  of  Governors  of  the Credit and Debit Interest
Federal  Reserve  System.   The  permanent  record  of  the  special  memorandum  account  as  required  by If  you  participate  in our money  market  sweep  program,  funds are swept  automatically  from available  free
Regulation T is available for your inspection upon request.
credit  balances into a selected money market fund.  Money fund balances must earn at least $0.01  per day
All  transactions  are  reported  on  a  trade- date  basis.   Security  and  cash  position  balances  will  reflect  trades of  interest  in  order  to  be  credited  on  a  monthly  basis.   Free  credit  balances  created  by  check  and  other
executed but not settled as of the date of the current statement. deposits are subject to a hold prior to earning interest.   We charge debit interest  as permitted according to
our customer account agreement.  The debit interest rate is subject to change without prior notice based on
Any  free  credit  balance  represents  funds  payable  upon  demand  (subject  to  any  open  commitments  in  your changes  in  the  broker  call  rate.   Debit  interest  is  calculated  on  a  settlement  date  basis,  with  free  credit
account)  which,  although  properly  accounted  for  on  our  books  of  record,  are  not  segregated,  unless  federal balances  offset  against  any  debit  balances,  and  the  interest  is  calculated  on  the  average  daily  net  debit
and/or state law compliance dictates otherwise, and may be used in the conduct of our business. balance  based  on  a  360- day  basis,  accrued  from  the  next  to  last  business  day  of  the  prior  month  to  the
second to last business day of the current month.
Our financial statement is available upon written request.
Change of Address
Statements  will  be  mailed  monthly  to  customers  who  have  transactions  affecting  money  balances  and/or Please  notify your  Financial  Advisor  or  your  brokerage  firm  promptly  of  any  changes  in  your  address  or
security  positions.   All  other  accounts  will  receive  statements  quarterly  as  long  as  the  account  contains  a contact  information.  Failure  to  notify  us,  and  our  resulting  inability  to  send  you  important  notifications,
money or security balance.   Please retain this statement for your records,  as it contains information that may could result in restrictions or other issues in your account.
be needed to verify entries appearing on subsequent statements or for income tax purposes.  A charge may be
incurred by you should duplicate copies of statements be requested at a later date. Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) and Excess SIPC Coverage
Short Account Balances We are a member of the Securities Investor  Protection Corporation (SIPC), which protects the client assets
of  its  members  up to  $500,000  (including  a  maximum of  $250,000  for  claims for  cash).   An explanatory
We  maintain  all  securities  sold  short in  a  segregated  short account.   These  securities  are  marked- to-market, brochure is available upon request and by visiting http://www.sipc.org.
and we transfer  any increase or decrease from the short sale price to your margin account on a weekly basis.
We represent your short account balance as the balance of your short account as of the last weekly market-to- PROMPTLY  ADVISE YOUR  FINANCIAL  ADVISOR  OR  YOUR  BROKERAGE  FIRM  IN  WRITING  OF  ANY
market, not as of the statement end date. MATERIAL  CHANGES  IN  YOUR  INVESTMENT  OBJECTIVES  OR  FINANCIAL  SITUATION  OR  IF  THIS
STATEMENT  IS NOT IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR RECORDS.
Custody of Securities
Fully paid for securities held by us for you, but which are not registered in your name, may be commingled with
identical securities being held for other clients by us, or the Depository Trust  and Clearing Company or similar
depositories.   Securities  held  for  accounts  of  customers  with  outstanding  obligations,  or  deposited  to  secure
same,  may  from  time  to  time  and  without  notice  to  such  customer,  be  commingled  with  securities  of  other
customers  and  used  by  us  for  pledge  or  re- pledge,  hypothecation  or  re- hypothecation,  loans  or  delivery  on
contracts for other customers without our having in possession and control for delivery a like amount of similar
securities.  When you pledge securities to your margin account, some or all of the securities acting as collateral
in that account may be used, lent or pledged by us in accordance  with SEC rules.  When this happens, certain
rights of your ownership related to such securities may be transferred  to us or transferred by us to  others.  In
certain  circumstances,  such pledges  may limit,  in  whole  or  in  part,  your  ability  to  exercise  voting  rights  with
respect to such securities.
Page 4 of 5
ACCOUNT NUMBER: 12345678
John Doe STATEMENT PERIOD: December 1 - 31, 2020
Important Account Information
Our records show the following information about your account.  If any of the information is incomplete, incorrect or needs modifications, please call your financial advisor or download
the Account Information Change Request Form here:http://www.vfmarkets.com/accountchangeform  Additionally, clients now have the option of appointing a Trusted Contact Person
on their account by completing the required form here: http://www.vfmarkets.com/trustedcontactperson All forms should be returned to Client services at clientservices@vfmarkets.com
or to the below address.
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Attn: Client Services
120 Long Ridge Road, 3 North
Stamford, CT 06902-1839
 General Account Information, Primary Owner  General Account Information, Joint Owner (If applicable)
Account Holder: John Doe Joint Account Holder:
Name / Address: Wall Street 33 Name / Address:
New York, NY 22222
Home Telephone Number: Home Telephone Number:
Employment Status: Yes Employment Status:
Employee of FINRA  or other Exchange Firm: <Please Provide> Employee of FINRA or other Exchange Firm:
Occupation: Unemployed Occupation:
 Financial Information (Aggregate if joint account)
Annual Income: $ 0 - $ 24,999
Net Worth (excluding value of primary residence): $ 150,000 - $ 499,999
Account Primary Investment Objective(s): Income
If no investment objective is indicated, please review the descriptions below and insert the objective that best describes your goal for this account.
Description of Investment Objectives
Preservation of Capital: An investment objective of Preservation of Capital indicates you seek to historically demonstrated a moderate to above average degree of risk of loss of principal value to
maintain  the  principal  value  of  your  investments  and  are  interested  in  investments  that  have pursue this objective.
historically demonstrated a very low degree of risk of loss of principal value. Speculation:  An  investment  objective  of  Speculation indicates you seek a significant increase in
Income:  An  investment  objective  of  Income  indicates  you  seek  to  generate  income  from the principal value of your investments and are willing to accept a corresponding greater degree of
investments and are interested in investments that have historically demonstrated a low degree of risk  by  investing in  securities  that  have historically  demonstrated a  high  degree of  risk  of  loss of
risk of loss of principal value. principal  value  to  pursue  this  objective.   You  may  seek  to  take  advantage  of  short- term  trading
Capital Appreciation:  An investment objective of Capital Appreciation indicates you seek to grow opportunities, which may involve establishing and liquidating positions quickly.
the principal value of your investments over time and are willing to invest in securities that have
Please promptly notify us of any future changes to this information.
Page 5 of 5
Telephone 203.388.2700
Fax 203.517.9710
Vision Financial Markets
120 Long Ridge Road, 3 North www.visionfinancialmarkets.com
Stamford, Connecticut 06902
Dear Client,
We are writing to inform you about an issue from earlier this year regarding how certain information was displayed on your monthly
statements.  This information was displayed in the "Account Value Summary" section on page 1 of the monthly statements.  The issue
surrounded the beginning value as of that month and how it did not properly match the ending value as of the prior month (see below
screenshots as an example).  The issue took place in both the month of May and June but not all clients were affected, and no client was
affected in both May and June, it was either one month or the other.
Additional checks and monitoring were put in place starting with the November monthly statements to ensure this issue does not happen
again.  Vision also went back and checked all the monthly statements from 2020 to confirm that no other months had a similar issue and that
the ending account balance was always correct.  If you have any questions regarding this issue or how any information is displayed on the
monthly statements, you can reach out to me directly at the below email or phone number at any time.
Thanks, 
Josh Herritt
Vice President – Administration
203-388-2698
jherritt@vfmarkets.com
Annual Disclosure Statement
Vision Financial Markets LLC and Vision Brokerage Services, LLC are FINRA registered broker/dealers and members of SIPC. Vision Investment
Advisors, LLC is a SEC Registered Investment Advisor.
Information on your Registered Representative and the firm holding your account can be found on the FINRA website at brokercheck.finra.org.
The FINRA BrokerCheck hotline can be reached at 800.289.9999.
There are many important disclosures that you should review on a regular basis. These disclosures can be found on visionfinancialmarkets.com.
These include information on Vision's:
· Anti-Money Laundering Procedures;
· Cybersecurity and Identity Theft Procedures;
· Business Continuity Statement;
· Information Security Statement;
· Trade Execution Quality Statement (SEC Rule 606 and 607);
· Important Information About Online Trading and Other Online Activities;
· Carrying Agreements;
· SIPC Insurance;
· Mutual Fund Breakpoint Disclosures;
· Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) Disclosure;
· Penny Stock Risk Disclosure;
· Day Trading Risk Disclosure;
· Extended Hours Trading Risk Disclosure;
· Option Trading Risk Disclosure;
· Margin Risk Disclosure;
· Customer Agreement; and
· Privacy Policy.
An investor brochure that describes the protections that may be provided by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board ("MSRB") rules and
how to file a complaint with an appropriate regulatory authority can be found on the MSRB website, www.msrb.org. Vision Financial Markets
LLC is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, MSRB and FINRA.
In addition, pursuant to SEC Rule 606, specific trade details including the name of the other party, time of execution and remuneration can be
furnished on client request. Please contact Client Services at clientservices@vfmarkets.com or 877.836.3949 if you wish to request this
information.
Vision has also posted its FOCUS report and annual independent audit.
If you have any questions or would like to receive a paper copy of any of the above policies, please contact your Registered Representative or
clientservices@vfmarkets.com or 877.836.3949 . If you have any complaints, please contact compliance@vfmarkets.com.
Vision wishes you a prosperous and happy New Year!
VFM/VBS/VIA
Rev. 12/2020
Telephone 203.388.2700
Fax 203.517.9710
Vision Financial Markets
120 Long Ridge Road, 3 North clientservices@visionfinancialmarkets.com
Stamford, Connecticut 06902-1839 www.visionfinancialmarkets.com
December 31, 2020
John Doe
Wall Street 33
New York, NY 22222
RE: Account Number(s): 12345678
Dear John Doe:
Thank you for opening your securities account(s) with Vision Financial Markets ("Vision").
Score Priority Corp. has an agreement with Vision in which Vision may provide trade execution,
clearing and other related services for your account.
Included with this letter are the following:
· Account Profile. This document summarizes the information we have on file for your
account.  We urge you to take a few moments to review it carefully for accuracy.
· Statement of Responsibilities. This document explains the roles and responsibilities of
Score Priority Corp. and Vision with respect to the functions each performs for your
brokerage account.
· Vision's Business Continuity Statement. In connection with the services provided, Vision
is required to communicate its position on its business continuity practices. Vision has an
extensive plan in place to safeguard your assets and protect vital account information in
the event of a business disruption.
If you have any questions regarding the information included with this letter, please contact your
Score Priority Corp. Financial Advisor.
Sincerely, 
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Enclosures
WH
Account Number: 12345678
ACCOUNT OWNER(S) DETAIL
The account owner(s) detail section refers to natural owners (generally individuals). Any
account owner such as an entity or organization and any individuals representing such an
owner will be displayed in the Account Detail section below.
Please check for accuracy and if there is a change, contact your Financial Advisor.
In the future feel free to contact your Financial Advisor for any updates to this
information.  Should you make changes to this information Vision will send you
confirmation.  Even if you have no changes Vision will send you the Account Owner(s)
Details information every three years.
Account Owner 1
John Doe
Mailing Address Home Phone
Wall Street 33
New York, NY 22222
Occupation Employee of Broker/Dealer
UNEMPLOYED <Please Provide>
Account Owner 2
Mailing Address Home Phone
Occupation Employee of Broker/Dealer
ACCOUNT DETAIL
Annual Income: $ 0 - $ 24,999
Liquid Net Worth: $ 150,000 - $ 499,999
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES*
Investment Objectives:
1.Income
2.
3.
*Investment objective definitions are provided on the last page of this letter for your
convenience.
WH
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE DEFINITIONS
Preservation of Capital: An investment objective of Preservation of Capital indicates
you seek to maintain the principal value of your investments and are interested in
investments that have historically demonstrated a very low degree of risk of loss of
principal value.
Income: An investment objective of Income indicates you seek to generate income from
investments and are interested in investments that have historically demonstrated a low
degree of risk of loss of principal value.
Capital Appreciation: An investment objective of Capital Appreciation indicates you
seek to grow the principal value of your investments over time and are willing to invest
in securities that have historically demonstrated a moderate to above average degree of
risk of loss of principal value to pursue this objective.
Speculation: An investment objective of Speculation indicates you seek a significant
increase in the principal value of your investments and are willing to accept a
corresponding greater degree of risk by investing in securities that have historically
demonstrated a high degree of risk of loss of principal value to pursue this objective. You
may seek to take advantage of short-term trading opportunities, which may involve
establishing and liquidating positions quickly.
WH
Statement of Score Priority Corp.
and Vision Financial Markets Responsibilities
Score Priority Corp. is responsible for:
· The opening, approving and monitoring of your account(s), including obtaining,
verifying and retaining your account information and documents; accepting your
account(s); and monitoring trading and other activity in your account(s).
· Determining whether any investment advice or recommendations given to you by
your investment representative or its employees are suitable for you, and those
persons placing instructions for your account are authorized to do so. Vision
Financial Markets ("Vision") will not give you advice about your investments and
will not evaluate the suitability of investments made by you, your investment
representative or any other party.
· The acceptance of orders and other instructions from you regarding your account,
and for promptly and accurately transmitting those orders and instructions to
Vision. Under normal circumstances, Vision will not accept orders or instructions
directly from you except if you do a self-directed order through Vision's Web site.
Score Priority Corp. may execute the transaction and instruct Vision to post the
execution to your account.
· Operating in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to
its own operations, the supervision of its sales representatives and other
personnel, and the supervision of transactions and other activity in your account.
· Maintaining the required books and records with respect to the functions it
performs.
· Investigating and responding to any questions or concerns you have about your
account(s), confirmations, your periodic statement or any other matter related to
your account(s). Score Priority Corp. will notify Vision with respect to matters
involving services performed by Vision.
Vision Financial Markets is responsible, at the direction of Score Priority Corp., for:
· The clearance and settlement of securities transactions.
· The execution of securities transactions in the event Vision accepts orders from
Score Priority Corp.. 
· Preparing and sending to you periodic statements of your account as well as
confirmations of the transactions in your account(s), unless Score Priority Corp.
has assumed the responsibility of sending confirmations. Certain information on
your statements, such as prices and descriptions of securities are obtained from
third parties. Vision advises that you contact Score Priority Corp. for more
specific pricing information before placing orders. In some cases, Score Priority
Corp. will request Vision post transactions or other information to your account.
Vision does not independently verify such information. Vision provides to Score
Priority Corp. copies of each confirmation and statement sent to you.
· Custody (or safekeeping) of funds and securities delivered to Vision on your
behalf or received by Vision in connection with transactions in you account(s).
Vision's handling of funds and securities which it holds or receives on your behalf
is subject to the instructions provided by Score Priority Corp..*
· The receipt and delivery of funds and securities for your account in accordance
with Score Priority Corp. instructions. Vision is not responsible for any funds or
securities which are not actually delivered to it, or for any funds withdrawn from
your account(s) by Score Priority Corp. or its employees.
· The extension of margin credit in connection with buying or maintaining
securities in your account(s). Prior to trading on margin, you must deliver to
Vision through Score Priority Corp. a completed margin supplement. You and
Score Priority Corp. are responsible to ensure that your margin accounts are at all
times in compliance with Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, the rules of
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), Chicago Board Options
Exchange (CBOE) and all other self-regulatory organizations and the house rules
of Vision.  These rules are exclusively for the protection of Vision, and to the
extent permitted by law; Vision will not be liable to you for any failure to comply
with these rules. In addition, Vision will not determine whether any extension or
margin credit for which you apply or accept is suitable or appropriate for you.
Score Priority Corp. regularly receives from Vision information on the status of
margin accounts and notice of changes in Vision's house rules. Score Priority
Corp. is responsible for informing you of margin requirements for your account
and how to comply with them. Vision has the right to take market action (buy or
sell) in your account if your account does not meet margin requirements.
· Maintaining proper records with regard to the functions it performs.
* The securities in your account are protected in accordance with the Securities Investor
Protection Corporation (SIPC). For more details on SIPC, or to request a SIPC brochure,
visit www.sipc.org or call 1.202.371.8300.
Business Continuity Statement
Vision Financial Markets LLC ("Vision") is deeply committed to providing our
customers with secure and uninterrupted access to their accounts. Our commitment
includes providing information regarding the actions to be taken in the event of a
significant disruption of business operations due to the impact of a natural disaster, power
outage, terrorist action or other adverse event. Should we experience such an interruption
to our operations, Vision's Business Continuity Plan is designed to facilitate the
continuation of core business functions such as the execution and recording of customer
orders, recordkeeping and safeguarding of customer assets and the continued servicing of
customers accounts and those duties required by Vision's various regulatory overseers.
Vision has designed a comprehensive continuity plan which leverages its diverse
geographical locations and highly resilient voice and data communication backbone.
Utilizing state-of-the-art software and hardware platforms across multiple sites to ensure
high availability and reliability in the processing and servicing of its customer, Vision has
leveraged technologies such as server virtualization, high availability hardware,
continuous generator backup, redundant cooling and others which it has deemed
necessary to meet its goal of providing the highest level of customer service and support.
Vision's highly trained team of professionals is positioned to recover its key operational
and trading functions within a 2-4 hour time frame with other non-core business
functions recoverable within a 24-48 hour timeframe following a significant disruption.
While it is impossible to create a plan which can account for every form of risk or
potential disruptive event, Vision believes it has taken the appropriate steps to address
those which are likely to challenge the viability of its continued business operations and
to strive to continually review, test and update our plans to protect our customers and
their assets. Further information regarding this plan may be requested in writing to:
Vision Financial Markets LLC, 120 Long Ridge Road, 3 North, Stamford, CT 06902-
1839 or by visiting our Web site at www.visionfinancialmarkets.com.